# Help For Yelp

This repository is split into two main components, the data and the code. The data consists of all of the csv files created by the code. 

Note: Some of the datasets from the Yelp Open Dataset or from the cleaned datasets are not on this repository because they were too large to be uploaded. If you would like to run the code, download [Yelp's Open Dataset](https://www.yelp.com/dataset) locally and be sure to change the path names in each of these files.

For the code, there is:

- business_clean.py: \
This file cleans the business.json file from the Yelp Open Dataset.

- clean_user.py: \
This file cleans the user.json file from the Yelp Open Dataset.

- review_clean.py: \
This file cleans the review.json file from the Yelp Open Dataset.

- reweight_users.py: \
This file builds off of the clean dataset generated by clean_user.py. It calculates the multipliers for each user which will later be used in reweight_business.py to calculate a new average rating for each business in the dataset.

- reweight_reviews.py: \
This file builds off of the clean dataset generated by review_clean.py. It calculates the multipliers for each review which will later be used in reweight_business.py to calculate a new average rating for each business in the dataset.

- reweight_business.py: \
This file merges the two datasets generated by reweight_users.py and reweight_reviews.py. Using that information, it calculates a new average for every business and generates a csv file consisting of name of the business and their new average.

- evaluation.py: \
This file was used for the evaluation part of the project. It generates a top ratings list with the average stars of each business rounded to the nearest 1 decimal point. It also runs a T test.

